Fix meta descriptions (#9399)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/certification/study-guide-cms/07-people.md

---
title: WebOps Certification
subtitle: "Chapter 7: Connecting People"

> description: Undertsand how to manage teams and learn the differences between sites, environments, and applications on Pantheon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to manage teams, workspaces and permissions before connecting DNS.
```
